Justin Kwan CS210
3/19/17

1. Hours to complete the project: 50 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Board Data Type): 1.The first issue that I had when doing Board
   was trying to figure out Manhattan. I did not understand how to get the
   formula mathematically so I searched up the algebraic formula online. 
   Once I understood the formula I applied it. 2. Next issue was figuring
   out that the goal tile’s number that it needed. I remember that the tile
   can be calculated based off of i * N + j + 1. 3. The next issue that I 
   encounter was inversions. I looked at the PDF and I saw that the numbers
   were converted from a 2D array to a 1D array so I converted it to a single 
   array. I noticed on the PDF that you can take numbers from the array and 
   compare the numbers against any number ahead of it and see if there is 
   any number greater than itself. If there is a number that is greater than 
   itself then I increment a counter by 1. The issue that I encountered was 
   when I discovered that I was not calculating numbers ahead of it since I 
   set j in the 2nd for loop to equal zero and not i + 1 meaning that it
   has to always be head of it. 4. The fourth issue that I encounter was 
   with neighbors since when I ran though neighbors I kept going out of
   bounds, so to prevent that I set boundaries like I did in percolation. 
    

   Problem 2 (Solver Data Type): 1. The main issue and the only issue that
   I encountered in Solver was the Solver’s construction. I thought the 
   checklist was slightly vague in this case, but majority of it I could 
   understand. I looked on Piazza for some clarification and luckily there 
   there were posts that helped me figure it out. I finally found that the 
   MinPQ would have its priority based off Manhattan Order. 

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   Justin Victoria    Classmate    He helped explain in Board that if I
                                   look back in Percolation Project then
                                   it was important to set limits for the
                                   array. He helped explain how to use 
                                   String format since I kept getting 
                                   an error when I was running the python
                                   test. He helped clarify details that 
                                   the checklist was missing. 
   

   Anwesh Joshi       Classmate    He helped me understand details within 
                                   isSolvable since the checklist was vague.
   
   
   Piazza             Forum Online  Some questions that I had were brought up
                                   in Piazza and other students replied back 
                                   so it made it much easier to figure it out.

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   I found that the checklist was very vague and that I struggled more on this
   project compared to previous projects due to it being vague. 
